it/mmr/database/Utils.java
 it.mmr.database.Utils
it/mmr/layout/Tabs_divisione/Eventii/Eventi.java
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Eventii.Eventi
it/mmr/Icon/Creazione_immagini.java
 it.mmr.Icon.Creazione_immagini
it/mmr/layout/Tabs_divisione/Spese.java
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Spese
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Spese$1
it/mmr/layout/Tabs_divisione/Andamento.java
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Andamento
it/mmr/layout/Registrazione_database.java
 it.mmr.layout.Registrazione_database
it/mmr/accesso/Termini_e_condizioni.java
 it.mmr.accesso.Termini_e_condizioni
it/mmr/layout/Tabs_divisione/TableMy.java
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.TableMy
it/mmr/database/DBManager.java
 it.mmr.database.DBManager
it/mmr/layout/Tabs_divisione/Personale.java
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Personale
it/mmr/layout/cambio_password.java
 it.mmr.layout.cambio_password
it/mmr/layout/Tabs_divisione/Eventii/Calendario.java
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Eventii.Calendario
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Eventii.Calendario$1
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Eventii.Calendario$2
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Eventii.Calendario$aggiornaAnno
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Eventii.Calendario$meseDopo
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Eventii.Calendario$mesePrima
it/mmr/layout/Avvertenze.java
 it.mmr.layout.Avvertenze
it/mmr/layout/Tabs_divisione/PannelloTotale.java
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.PannelloTotale
it/mmr/accesso/Login_iniziale.java
 it.mmr.accesso.Login_iniziale
it/mmr/accesso/Messaggio.java
 it.mmr.accesso.Messaggio
it/mmr/layout/Schermata_Principale_home.java
 it.mmr.layout.Schermata_Principale_home
it/mmr/layout/Rimozione_database.java
 it.mmr.layout.Rimozione_database
it/mmr/layout/Tabs_divisione/Aiuto.java
 it.mmr.layout.Tabs_divisione.Aiuto
it/mmr/database/Nuova_spesa.java
 it.mmr.database.Nuova_spesa
it/mmr/database/Nuovo_evento.java
 it.mmr.database.Nuovo_evento
